README.md, before:

## Hello there, my name is Sam :wave:


### I'm a Christian, Developer, ML/AI Lover and lifetime Learner!
- I'm constantly learning and tinkering with Artificial Intelligence :robot: and Machine Learning [example](https://github.com/smpurkis/kivy_object_detection_camera_app).
- I am currently learning PyTorch :fire:, as I've found TensorFlow a bit buggy :bug:.
- I am learning more Javascript, to show more of what AI can do [simple example](https://github.com/smpurkis/motion_controlled_snake).
- I love Python (the best language :snake:), and enjoy seeing what I can do with it and increasing its performance.
- I would like to contribute to more open source projects :smile:.


### Me links
[<img align="left" style="margin-left: 3px" alt="Sam Purkis | LinkedIn" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg"/>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sam-purkis-4baa6668/)

[<img align="left" style="margin-left: 3px" alt="Sam Purkis | Facebook" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/facebook.svg"/>](https://www.facebook.com/sam.purkis.3/)

[<img align="left" style="margin-left: 3px" alt="Sam Purkis | Reddit" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/reddit.svg"/>](https://www.reddit.com/user/Zyguard7777777)
 <br>


### Languages and Tools
These are languages, tools and projects I have experience with, either from work or on personal projects (not exhaustive).


[Python <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Python" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/python.svg"/>](https://www.python.org)

- [Pandas <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Pandas" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/pandas.svg"/>](https://pandas.pydata.org/)

- [Numpy <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Numpy" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/numpy.svg"/>](https://numpy.org/)

- [PyTorch <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Pytorch" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/pytorch.svg"/>](https://pytorch.org/)

- [Keras <img align="center" style="margin-top:3px" alt="Keras" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/keras.svg"/>](https://keras.io/)

- [Flask <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Flask" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/flask.svg"/>](https://flask.palletsprojects.com)

- [Cython](https://cython.org/)
- [Dash](https://plotly.com/dash/)
- [Kivy](https://kivy.org/)

[Javascript <img align="center" alt="Javascript" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/javascript.svg"/>](https://www.python.org)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/)
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
- [TensorFlowJS <img align="center" alt="TensorFlow.js" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/tensorflow.svg"/>](https://www.tensorflow.org/js)

Commit message:

update with rust and wasm

README.md, after:

## Hello there, my name is Sam :wave:


### I'm a Christian, Developer, ML/AI Lover and lifetime Learner!
- I'm constantly learning and tinkering with Artificial Intelligence :robot: and Machine Learning, [example](https://github.com/smpurkis/kivy_object_detection_camera_app).
- I am currently learning PyTorch :fire:, as I've found TensorFlow a bit buggy :bug:.
- I am learning more Javascript, to show more of what AI can do, [simple example](https://github.com/smpurkis/motion_controlled_snake).
- I'm also learning Rust, mainly as I'm interested in WebAssembly (Wasm).
- I love Python (the best language :snake:), and enjoy seeing what I can do with it and increasing its performance.
- I would like to contribute to more open source projects :smile:.


### Me links
[<img align="left" style="margin-left: 3px" alt="Sam Purkis | LinkedIn" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg"/>](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sam-purkis-4baa6668/)

[<img align="left" style="margin-left: 3px" alt="Sam Purkis | Facebook" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/facebook.svg"/>](https://www.facebook.com/sam.purkis.3/)

[<img align="left" style="margin-left: 3px" alt="Sam Purkis | Reddit" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/reddit.svg"/>](https://www.reddit.com/user/Zyguard7777777)
 <br>


### Languages and Tools
These are languages, tools and projects I have experience with, either from work or on personal projects (not exhaustive).


[Python <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Python" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/python.svg"/>](https://www.python.org)

- [Pandas <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Pandas" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/pandas.svg"/>](https://pandas.pydata.org/)

- [Numpy <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Numpy" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/numpy.svg"/>](https://numpy.org/)

- [PyTorch <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Pytorch" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/pytorch.svg"/>](https://pytorch.org/)

- [Keras <img align="center" style="margin-top:3px" alt="Keras" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/keras.svg"/>](https://keras.io/)

- [Flask <img align="center" style="margin-top:2px" alt="Flask" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/flask.svg"/>](https://flask.palletsprojects.com)

- [Cython](https://cython.org/)
- [Dash](https://plotly.com/dash/)
- [Kivy](https://kivy.org/)

[Javascript <img align="center" alt="Javascript" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/javascript.svg"/>](https://www.python.org)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/)
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/)
- [TensorFlowJS <img align="center" alt="TensorFlow.js" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/tensorflow.svg"/>](https://www.tensorflow.org/js)

[Rust <img align="center" alt="Rust" width="30px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.13.0/icons/rust.svg"/>](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
- [Wasm Bindgen](https://github.com/rustwasm/wasm-bindgen)
